@string/appbar_scrolling_view_behavior;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/65/jl/res/layout/rootlayout.xml
adaptive-icon;obj/Debug/res/mipmap-anydpi-v26/icon.xml
adaptive-icon;obj/Debug/res/mipmap-anydpi-v26/icon_round.xml
adaptive-icon;obj/Debug/res/mipmap-anydpi-v26/iconoapp.xml
alpha;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/65/jl/res/anim/enterfromleft.xml
alpha;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/65/jl/res/anim/exittoleft.xml
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/65/jl/res/layout/fallbacktoolbardonotuse.xml
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/65/jl/res/layout/rootlayout.xml
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/65/jl/res/layout/shellcontent.xml
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/65/jl/res/layout/toolbar.xml
androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/65/jl/res/layout/rootlayout.xml
androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/65/jl/res/layout/shellcontent.xml
animated-selector;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/8/jl/res/drawable/sfcheckbox_animation.xml
animated-vector;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/8/jl/res/drawable/sfcheckbox_checked_indeterminate.xml
animated-vector;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/8/jl/res/drawable/sfcheckbox_checked_unchecked.xml
animated-vector;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/8/jl/res/drawable/sfcheckbox_indeterminate_checked.xml
animated-vector;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/8/jl/res/drawable/sfcheckbox_indeterminate_unchecked.xml
animated-vector;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/8/jl/res/drawable/sfcheckbox_unchecked_checked.xml
animated-vector;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/8/jl/res/drawable/sfcheckbox_unchecked_indeterminate.xml
attr;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/10/jl/res/values/attrs.xml
attr;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/65/jl/res/values/attrs.xml
attr;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/8/jl/res/values/attrs.xml
background;obj/Debug/res/mipmap-anydpi-v26/icon.xml
background;obj/Debug/res/mipmap-anydpi-v26/icon_round.xml
background;obj/Debug/res/mipmap-anydpi-v26/iconoapp.xml
cache-path;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/64/jl/res/xml/xamarin_essentials_fileprovider_file_paths.xml
color;obj/Debug/res/values/colors.xml
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/65/jl/res/layout/flyoutcontent.xml
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/65/jl/res/layout/rootlayout.xml
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/65/jl/res/layout/shellcontent.xml
com.google.android.material.bottomnavigation.BottomNavigationView;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/65/jl/res/layout/bottomtablayout.xml
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/65/jl/res/layout/fallbacktabbardonotuse.xml
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/65/jl/res/layout/rootlayout.xml
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/65/jl/res/layout/tabbar.xml
declare-styleable;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/10/jl/res/values/attrs.xml
declare-styleable;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/65/jl/res/values/attrs.xml
declare-styleable;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/8/jl/res/values/attrs.xml
enum;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/10/jl/res/values/attrs.xml
enum;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/8/jl/res/values/attrs.xml
external-cache-path;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/64/jl/res/xml/xamarin_essentials_fileprovider_file_paths.xml
external-path;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/64/jl/res/xml/xamarin_essentials_fileprovider_file_paths.xml
foreground;obj/Debug/res/mipmap-anydpi-v26/icon.xml
foreground;obj/Debug/res/mipmap-anydpi-v26/icon_round.xml
foreground;obj/Debug/res/mipmap-anydpi-v26/iconoapp.xml
FrameLayout;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/65/jl/res/layout/bottomtablayout.xml
gradient;obj/Debug/res/drawable/splash_screen.xml
group;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/8/jl/res/drawable/sfcheckbox_checked.xml
group;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/8/jl/res/drawable/sfcheckbox_indeterminate.xml
group;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/8/jl/res/drawable/sfcheckbox_unchecked.xml
item;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/65/jl/res/values/styles.xml
item;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/8/jl/res/drawable/sfcheckbox_animation.xml
item;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/8/jl/res/values/values.xml
item;obj/Debug/res/drawable/splash_screen.xml
item;obj/Debug/res/values/styles.xml
layer-list;obj/Debug/res/drawable/splash_screen.xml
LinearLayout;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/65/jl/res/layout/bottomtablayout.xml
objectAnimator;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/8/jl/res/anim/sfcheckbox_checked_inner.xml
objectAnimator;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/8/jl/res/anim/sfcheckbox_checked_null.xml
objectAnimator;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/8/jl/res/anim/sfcheckbox_checked_unchecked_inner.xml
objectAnimator;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/8/jl/res/anim/sfcheckbox_checked_unchecked_null.xml
objectAnimator;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/8/jl/res/anim/sfcheckbox_checked_unchecked_path.xml
objectAnimator;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/8/jl/res/anim/sfcheckbox_indeterminate_checked_inner.xml
objectAnimator;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/8/jl/res/anim/sfcheckbox_indeterminate_checked_null.xml
objectAnimator;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/8/jl/res/anim/sfcheckbox_indeterminate_checked_outer.xml
objectAnimator;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/8/jl/res/anim/sfcheckbox_indeterminate_unchecked_inner.xml
objectAnimator;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/8/jl/res/anim/sfcheckbox_indeterminate_unchecked_null.xml
objectAnimator;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/8/jl/res/anim/sfcheckbox_indeterminate_unchecked_path.xml
objectAnimator;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/8/jl/res/anim/sfcheckbox_unchecked_indeterminate_inner.xml
objectAnimator;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/8/jl/res/anim/sfcheckbox_unchecked_indeterminate_null.xml
objectAnimator;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/8/jl/res/anim/sfcheckbox_unchecked_indeterminate_outer.xml
objectAnimator;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/8/jl/res/anim/sfcheckbox_unchecked_inner.xml
objectAnimator;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/8/jl/res/anim/sfcheckbox_unchecked_null.xml
objectAnimator;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/8/jl/res/anim/sfcheckbox_unchecked_outer.xml
path;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/8/jl/res/drawable/sfcheckbox_checked.xml
path;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/8/jl/res/drawable/sfcheckbox_indeterminate.xml
path;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/8/jl/res/drawable/sfcheckbox_unchecked.xml
pathInterpolator;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/8/jl/res/interpolator/sfcheckbox_checked_interpolator0.xml
pathInterpolator;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/8/jl/res/interpolator/sfcheckbox_checked_interpolator1.xml
pathInterpolator;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/8/jl/res/interpolator/sfcheckbox_indeterminate_interpolator1.xml
pathInterpolator;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/8/jl/res/interpolator/sfcheckbox_unchecked_interpolator0.xml
pathInterpolator;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/8/jl/res/interpolator/sfcheckbox_unchecked_interpolator1.xml
paths;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/64/jl/res/xml/xamarin_essentials_fileprovider_file_paths.xml
resources;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/10/jl/res/values/attrs.xml
resources;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/10/jl/res/values/strings.xml
resources;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/65/jl/res/values/attrs.xml
resources;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/65/jl/res/values/strings.xml
resources;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/65/jl/res/values/styles.xml
resources;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/8/jl/res/values/attrs.xml
resources;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/8/jl/res/values/values.xml
resources;obj/Debug/res/values/colors.xml
resources;obj/Debug/res/values/strings.xml
resources;obj/Debug/res/values/styles.xml
set;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/65/jl/res/anim/enterfromleft.xml
set;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/65/jl/res/anim/enterfromright.xml
set;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/65/jl/res/anim/exittoleft.xml
set;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/65/jl/res/anim/exittoright.xml
set;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/8/jl/res/anim/sfcheckbox_checked_inner.xml
set;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/8/jl/res/anim/sfcheckbox_checked_null.xml
set;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/8/jl/res/anim/sfcheckbox_checked_unchecked_inner.xml
set;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/8/jl/res/anim/sfcheckbox_checked_unchecked_null.xml
set;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/8/jl/res/anim/sfcheckbox_checked_unchecked_path.xml
set;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/8/jl/res/anim/sfcheckbox_indeterminate_checked_inner.xml
set;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/8/jl/res/anim/sfcheckbox_indeterminate_checked_null.xml
set;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/8/jl/res/anim/sfcheckbox_indeterminate_checked_outer.xml
set;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/8/jl/res/anim/sfcheckbox_indeterminate_unchecked_inner.xml
set;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/8/jl/res/anim/sfcheckbox_indeterminate_unchecked_null.xml
set;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/8/jl/res/anim/sfcheckbox_indeterminate_unchecked_path.xml
set;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/8/jl/res/anim/sfcheckbox_unchecked_indeterminate_inner.xml
set;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/8/jl/res/anim/sfcheckbox_unchecked_indeterminate_null.xml
set;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/8/jl/res/anim/sfcheckbox_unchecked_indeterminate_outer.xml
set;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/8/jl/res/anim/sfcheckbox_unchecked_inner.xml
set;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/8/jl/res/anim/sfcheckbox_unchecked_null.xml
set;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/8/jl/res/anim/sfcheckbox_unchecked_outer.xml
shape;obj/Debug/res/drawable/splash_screen.xml
string;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/10/jl/res/values/strings.xml
string;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/65/jl/res/values/strings.xml
string;obj/Debug/res/values/strings.xml
style;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/65/jl/res/values/styles.xml
style;obj/Debug/res/values/styles.xml
target;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/8/jl/res/drawable/sfcheckbox_checked_indeterminate.xml
target;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/8/jl/res/drawable/sfcheckbox_checked_unchecked.xml
target;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/8/jl/res/drawable/sfcheckbox_indeterminate_checked.xml
target;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/8/jl/res/drawable/sfcheckbox_indeterminate_unchecked.xml
target;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/8/jl/res/drawable/sfcheckbox_unchecked_checked.xml
target;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/8/jl/res/drawable/sfcheckbox_unchecked_indeterminate.xml
transition;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/8/jl/res/drawable/sfcheckbox_animation.xml
translate;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/65/jl/res/anim/enterfromleft.xml
translate;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/65/jl/res/anim/enterfromright.xml
translate;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/65/jl/res/anim/exittoleft.xml
translate;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/65/jl/res/anim/exittoright.xml
vector;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/8/jl/res/drawable/sfcheckbox_checked.xml
vector;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/8/jl/res/drawable/sfcheckbox_indeterminate.xml
vector;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/8/jl/res/drawable/sfcheckbox_unchecked.xml
xamarin.forms.platform.android.appcompat.FormsViewPager;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/65/jl/res/layout/rootlayout.xml
xamarin.forms.platform.android.ShellFlyoutLayout;/Users/josecerongalindo/Downloads/LoyaltyWall-Desarrollo 2/Loyaltywall.Prism/Loyaltywall.Prism.Android/obj/Debug/lp/65/jl/res/layout/flyoutcontent.xml
